Honeslty it didn"t taste THAT fresh.)
Would not go back.
I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!
So they performed.
- They never brought a salad we asked for.
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.
The portion was huge!
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!
We"d definitely go back here again.
The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.
This place has it!
say bye bye to your tip lady!
We"ll never go again.
Will be back again!
Food arrived quickly!
Will go back next trip out.
At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn"t that busy.
Check it out.
I just don"t know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.
I wouldn"t return.
Don"t do it!!!!
I give it 2 thumbs down
I was seated immediately.
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I"m not inspired to go back.
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!
The live music on Fridays totally blows.
I"ve lived here since 1979 and this was the first (and last) time I"ve stepped foot into this place.
Must have been an off night at this place.
For about 10 minutes, we we"re waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn"t coming any time soon.
Won"t go back.
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don"t mind being nude for everyone to see!
Lobster Bisque, Bussell Sprouts, Risotto, Filet ALL needed salt and pepper..and of course there is none at the tables.
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.
If it were possible to give them zero stars, they"d have it.
The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.
I"d say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M"s dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing).
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.
Seriously flavorful delights, folks.
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.
They know how to make them here.
I hope this place sticks around.
I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.
Plus, it"s only 8 bucks.
The service was not up to par, either.
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!
You can"t beat that.
I think not again
I waited and waited.
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!
Before I go in to why I gave a 1 star rating please know that this was my third time eating at Bachi burger before writing a review.
Never again will I be dining at this place!
Will never, ever go back.
She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.
Never going back.
All the bread is made in-house!
I go to far too many places and I"ve never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.
First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!
OMG, the food was delicioso!
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!
We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.
Everyone is treated equally special.
It shouldn"t take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)
Would come back again if I had a sushi craving while in Vegas.
He deserves 5 stars.
They dropped more than the ball.
I took back my money and got outta there.
I won"t be back.
WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.
I will come back here every time I"m in Vegas.
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.
Def coming back to bowl next time
I"ll definitely be in soon again.
For service, I give them no stars.
Gave up trying to eat any of the crust (teeth still sore).
But now I was completely grossed out.
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.
Furthermore, you can"t even find hours of operation on the website!
I never come again.
Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.
definitely will come back here again.
If you"re not familiar, check it out.
I"ll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.
Nothing special.
Will not be back.
I don"t think we"ll be going back anytime soon.
Food was so gooodd.
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.
Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.
I don"t think I"ll be running back to Carly"s anytime soon for food.
This is was due to the fact that it took 20 minutes to be acknowledged, then another 35 minutes to get our food...and they kept forgetting things.
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn"t bring that either.
This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I"ve been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.
I will be back many times soon.
CONCLUSION: Very filling meals.
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.
I"d rather eat airline food, seriously.
My gyro was basically lettuce only.
it was a drive to get there.
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.
If you haven"t gone here GO NOW!
first time there and might just be the last.
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.
This was my first time and I can"t wait until the next.
This place is two thumbs up....way up.
If there were zero stars I would give it zero stars.
We waited for thirty minutes to be seated (although there were 8 vacant tables and we were the only folks waiting).
I won"t try going back there even if it"s empty.
No, I"m going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.
I *heart* this place.
The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"
AN HOUR... seriously?
I consider this theft.
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.
Waited and waited and waited.
Over rated.
After I pulled up my car I waited for another 15 minutes before being acknowledged.
The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.
It"ll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!
I just wanted to leave.
I will not be eating there again.
An absolute must visit!
I will not return.
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.
I asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored I went to the hostess and got one myself.
Ordered burger rare came in we"ll done.
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.
I"m not eating here!
We won"t be going back anytime soon!
Eclectic selection.
dont go here.
I can"t wait to go back.
I gave it 5 stars then, and I"m giving it 5 stars now.
Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.
will definitely be back!
Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.
Not my thing.
2 Thumbs Up!!
If you are reading this please don"t go there.
After one bite, I was hooked.
A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!
Ryan"s Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won"t be revisiting.
They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.
Will not be back!
An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.
I always order from the vegetarian menu during dinner, which has a wide array of options to choose from.
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!
When I"m on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I"ll hit up again!
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.
The chains, which I"m no fan of, beat this place easily.
The nachos are a MUST HAVE!
We will not be coming back.
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.
It was packed!!
I can say that the desserts were yummy.
This place should honestly be blown up.
But I definitely would not eat here again.
Won"t ever go here again.
For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.
I recently tried Caballero"s and I have been back every week since!
I won"t be back.
This place deserves no stars.
I probably would not go here again.
I probably won"t be coming back here.
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.
I started this review with two stars, but I"m editing it to give it only one.
There was hardly any meat.
Go To Place for Gyros.
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.
If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.
Spend your money elsewhere.
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.
We won"t be returning.
I got food poisoning here at the buffet.
Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.
However, there was so much garlic in the fondue, it was barely edible.
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.
We won"t be going back.
Probably not in a hurry to go back.
It wasn"t busy at all and now we know why.
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.
If someone orders two tacos don"t" you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?
I don"t know what the big deal is about this place, but I won"t be back "ya"all".
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.
What happened next was pretty....off putting.
I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.
Food was below average.
All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop.
Spend your money and time some place else.
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we"ll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.
So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!
I went on Motorola"s website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that"s three days without charging.
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.
Doesn"t hold charge.
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.
It has all the features I want
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.
Buy a different phone - but not this.
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.
I purchased this and within 2 days it was no longer working!!!!!!!!!
The battery runs down quickly.
The ear buds only play music in one ear.
Will order from them again!
If you plan to use this in a car forget about it.
I found this product to be waaay too big.
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.
Gets the job done.
The BT headset was such a disapoinment.
It is so small and you don"t even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.
Voice recognition is tremendous!
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.
Items stated as included from the description ARE NOT INCLUDED.
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.
I Was Hoping for More.
This is essentially a communications tool that does not communicate.
doesn"t last long.
It only recognizes the Phone as its storage device.
Don"t buy this product.
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.
The pleather case doesn"t fit.
Battery lasts only a few hours.
We are sending it back.
I"m still infatuated with this phone.
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.
Returned 8 hours later.
I gave it 5 stars because of the sound quality.
Don"t buy it.
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.
Sending it back.
Someone shouldve invented this sooner.
They do not care about the consumer one bit.
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.
I want my money back.
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.
1. long lasting battery (you don"t have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.
Were JERKS on the phone.
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.
I"ll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.
Protects the phone on all sides.
Exactly what I wanted.
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.
I"ll be looking for a new earpiece.
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.
Low Quality.
I wish I could return the unit and get back my money.
Does not fit.
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.
The delivery was on time.
This PDA rocks.
Save your money.... I"ve had this item for 11 months now.
I would have given no star if I was able.
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.
Don"t buy this product.
Its a total package.
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"
It does everything the description said it would.
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.
Linked to my phone without effort.
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they"re doing.
Sprint charges for this service.
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.
Very Dissapointing Performance.
You get what you pay for I guess.
Very wind-resistant.
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.
It felt too light and "tinny.".
Does everything it should and more.
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.
Can"t upload ringtones from a third party.
And none of the tones is acceptable.
The instructions didn"t explain that a microphone jack could be used.
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.
You can"t beat the price on these.
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.
Can"t store anything but phone numbers to SIM.
My phone doesn"t slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!
In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.
It has everything I need and I couldn"t ask for more.
None of the three sizes they sent with the headset would stay in my ears.
The design is very good.4.
stay away from this store, be careful.
Does not fit.
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I"d rather be using a disposable then this.
Would not reccommend.
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.
Just what I wanted.
I don"t think it would hold it too securly on your belt.
This allows the possibility of double booking for the same date and time after the first.
NOT WHAT I WANTED.
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.
Five star Plus, plus.
2 thumbs up to this seller
Battery charge-life is quite long.
Battery has no life.
Product is exactly as described.
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won"t.
Doesn"t do the job.
Plan on ordering from them again and again.
The shipping time was also very quick!
dont buy it.
It"s not what it says it is.
Stay Away From the Q!.
I bought two of them and neither will charge.
(It works!)
If I take a picture, the battery drops a bar, and starts beeping, letting me know its dieing.
Last time buying from you.
The item received was Counterfeit.
Everything about this product is wrong.First
I can hear while I"m driving in the car, and usually don"t even have to put it on it"s loudest setting.
So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.
Couldn"t figure it out
So I had to take the battery out of the phone put it all back together and then restart it.
It looses connection to the phone even when it is within a couple feet between the two.
Never got it!!!!!
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.
Logitech Bluetooth Headset is a 10!.
I"m returning them.
I does not maintain a connection with the computer while it is on my lap.
I have had mine for about a year and this Christmas I bought some for the rest of the family.
I had to purchase a different case.
Very satisifed with that.
It didn"t charge for me.
Buttons are too small.
I cannot make calls at certain places.
SWEETEST PHONE!!!
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.
You also cannot take pictures with it in the case because the lense is covered.
Lasted one day and then blew up.
Kind of flops around.
Item Does Not Match Picture.
A bit predictable.
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.
It"s quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.
This short film certainly pulls no punches.
There are massive levels, massive unlockable characters... it"s just a massive game.
This game rocks.
I wasn"t the least bit interested.
But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn"t translate to quality, that"s for sure.
I sat riveted to the TV screen.
This movie totally grates on my nerves.
Often the dialogue doesn"t really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.
This if the first movie I"ve given a 10 to in years.
If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote, this is it.
Plus, it was well-paced and suited its relatively short run time.
Give this one a look.
I gave it a 10
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.
It was too predictable, even for a chick flick.
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.
The scenes with the "oh-so-mature" neighbour-girl are a misplace.
Some applause should be given to the "prelude" however.
I"d advise anyone to go and see it.
10/10
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.
There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn"t understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by.
I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".
I guess that nobody at the network that aired this dribble watched it before putting it on.
The only possible way this movie could be redeemed would be as MST3K fodder.
I paid too much.
If you do go see this movie, bring a pillow or a girlfriend/boyfriend to keep you occupied through out.
NOBODY identifies with these characters because they"re all cardboard cutouts and stereotypes (or predictably reverse-stereotypes).
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.
The script iswas there a script?
Highly unrecommended.
There were too many close ups.
But this movie is definitely a below average rent.
The film is way too long.
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.
I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.
Jamie Foxx absolutely IS Ray Charles.
He owns the film, just as Spacek owned "Coal Miner"s Daughter" and Quaid owned "Great Balls of Fire.
Mishima is extremely uninteresting.
The flat reenactments don"t hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy.
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.
If you check the director"s filmography on this site you will see why this film didn"t have a chance.
The cinematography-if it can be called that-sucked.
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.
I"m not sure what he was trying to do with this film.
Here"s where the movie really pi**ed me off.
Rating: 1 out of 10.
10 out of 10 for both the movie and trilogy.
I think i was one of the people who found this another one of roth"s pearls.
I will never forget it now.
Which has more depth and character than the man underneath it.
Started watching this but didn"t believe in any of the characters.
It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old.
I would give this television series a 10 plus if i could.
I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.
Now you know why I gave it a 10+!
This movie has a cutting edge to it.
I felt as though her going to Ireland did absolutely nothing whatsoever.
If you see it, you should probably just leave it on the shelf.
God, and I can never get that 90 minutes back!
They could be used as exemplars for any set designer.
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.
It"s a feel-good film and that"s how I felt when I came out of the cinema!
I couldn"t take them seriously.
It really created a unique feeling though.
It just blew.
I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I"d spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.
1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.
Still, it was the SETS that got a big "10" on my "oy-vey" scale.
I wasn"t expecting Oscar material, but this?
If only someone involved with it knew how to string together narrative!
This gets a 1 out of 10, simply because there"s nothing lower.
But the premise of the film was so ridiculous: that the President of the U.S.
Overall I rate this movie a 10 out of a 1-10 scale.
Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.
But this movie really got to me.
See it.
Initially the local sites in the film, which was filmed here in Buffalo, intrigued me.
The entire audience applauded at the conclusion of the film.
About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts.
It is zillion times away from reality.
Whatever prompted such a documentary is beyond me!
While you don"t yet hear Mickey speak, there are tons of sound effects and music throughout the film--something we take for granted now but which was a huge crowd pleaser in 1928.
Even when the women finally show up, there is no sign of improvement; the most expected things happen and by the time the film is over, you might be far asleep.
I can"t believe there"s even a sequel to this!
Go watch it!
My rating: just 3 out of 10.
I"ll give this film 10 out of 10!
Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy.
Then the film just dropped the ball.
Raw and sublimely moving.
All of the main players are mesmerising.
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.
GO AND SEE IT!
The aerial scenes were well-done.
10 out of 10 stars.
I advise you to look out for it.
DELETE this film from your mind!
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.
The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.
It"s one of the movies I need to see whenever it comes on TV...never mind the fact that I already have it memorized!
Nothing new there.
That was done in the second movie.
What on earth is Irons doing in this film?
I"m a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice"s style, sensitivities and treatments.
This movie is also revealing.
You learn a lot about the real inside emotions of people in this movie, and a lot about the movie business itself.
You won"t forget this movie!
Why was this film made?
The film has an ultra-cheap look to it.
10/10
This film offers many delights and surprises.
But this understated film leaves a lasting impression.
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.
It"s a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.
See both films if you can.
Lots of holes in the script.
A film not easily forgotten.
You could drive a semi truck into these holes!
One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.
This is not movie-making.
So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen!
The story line is totally predictable.
I rate this movie 9/10.
This is truly an art movie--it actually has a lot of art in it.
Go rent it.
It"s the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it"s meanings.
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".
The film"s dialogue is natural, real to life.
Each track commands sentiment, actually contributing to the scenes and characters.
I keep watching it over and over.
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients" houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).